Join the movement to #DefundRacism







Welcome to the Movement 














The United State’s 501(c)(3) system finances, and thus animates, a political matrix of tyranny ranging from hate groups and fascist movements on Turtle Island to Israel’s system of apartheid. We are here to put an end to that. And so are you. These emails layout how the Defund Racism, Unmasking Fidelity and the Boycott Duty Free campaigns are working together to disrupt the public, private, and nonprofit sectors that fund white supremacy and domination. In joining this movement we are sending you a series of emails that provide information, action items and events that will keep you engaged in impactful ways. 





#DefundRacism

The Campaign to Defund Racism1 is a Palestinian-led movement to end the use of ‘charitable’ funds raised in the United States to fund oppression and violence, including the financing of Israel's settler-colonial project.2

Click & share this week's Facebook and Tweet social media content. Access the full social media kit here.



Learn more 



Unmasking Fidelity

The #UnmaskingFidelity coalition is committed to challenging Fidelity’s role in funneling millions of dollars through Donor Advised Funds to white supremacist, anti-Muslim, anti-Black, anti-LGBTQ, anti-immigrant organizations.3

Click & share this week's Facebook and Tweet social media content. Access the full social media kit here. 

Learn more 





Boycott Duty Free Americas

What has compelled us to organize the Boycott Duty Free Americas campaign is that profits from the South Florida-based corporation, Duty Free Americas — owned by the South Florida Falic family — have been used to fund Israel’s violent anti-Palestinian settler groups.4

Click & share this week's Facebook and Tweet social media content. Access the full social media kit here. 



Learn more 













 



 



 







Was this email helpful? Have some additional thoughts? Email us here!









Are you an organization that wants to be active in these campaigns? 
Join us by adding your organization to these endorsements here.



 







1As systems of violence are perpetuated by resources, it is crucial that any nonviolent movement intentionally creates campaigns that target and restrict the resources of state and non-state actors. As such, this campaign is focused on cutting off the financial resources that support several Israeli organizations whose ongoing work oppresses and displaces Indigenous communities. The advocacy campaign works at three levels. First, it challenges the non-profit status of the US-based charitable organizations that funnel money to these organizations, and secondly with broader public awareness initiative focused on educating supporters of Israeli settler organizations about how their financial contributions displace Indigenous communities, thus perpetuating violence. Lastly, it links together movements by examining and publicizing the ways the nonprofit system finances the subjugation of oppressed groups in the United States, like Richard Spencers’s National Policy Institute. In do so, we uplift crossmovement campaigns, like Unmasking Fidelity.

2The Defund Racism campaign has been endorsed by over 200 Palestinian NGO's, community organizations, city and village counciles, and hundreds of activists. The core working group on the ground in Palestine are the Good Shepherd Colletive, the Christian Peacemaker Teams, the Human Rights Defenders, Youth of Sumud, and the Hebron Defense Committee.



3The Unmasking Fidelity coalition is comprised of the Political Research Associates, Community Labor United, Action Center on Race and Economy, Asian American Resource Workshop, Muslim Justice League and the Resource Generation.

4Coalition members of tye Boycott Duty Free America campaign include Jewish Voice for Peace South Florida, Al-Awda South Florida, Students for Justice in Palestine South Florida, CAIR Florida, Dream Defenders, and the South Florida Muslim Federation.









 





© The Collective, Palestine 


 










                                                           

